now we have the duel brazil x usa basically from brazil we do not act
with equator chile colombia beasts
Let's go to the men's final Let's go to the big moment 4th challenge
international bicicross will be someone beat ram marinor thomas
for the competitors, they soon start line 8 that tries to show what there was
occurred
it's very strong
In fact, there's only Goiânia beast.
at the high
is really a final vladmir
in relation to
is accompanied by competitors with health rita
the christmas promotion
lili number 10 Pan-American champion thiago in 2008
he already has 28
carlos oquendo de medelín in colombia
the coach is confident
First talk butiá ali.
the equator pilot
edson de carvalho juninho
her organs were she had
in this period the Iranians say that it was born in the river of January I live in wells
from caldas
romeu tuma dead
he rang the adobe connect house
right than paulínia
interim by the direction the first second
last Sunday second year
but we are there two to Brazil law since 2006 hamas won Brazil
It will be that someone from a renault in Brazil will not come
to 2% now we reach the final phase
Let's start the big final here in paulínia
see the reader wants total concentration
very strong
I'm not crazy
sensational
the avant-garde avant-garde
regenerative
in the sixth position
beijing 17 years he has been eight times Brazilian champion
two time champion marine ramiro he arrived here as great favorite to confirm the
favoritism
the first is the latest rising star movie
horror genre
the second war bandits
we are seeing again the arrival of the arrival of the champion
marine ram
we returned to the lane was an early woman slept next door
was lavish helmet in the hand of the goalkeeper how does the next bingão feel
champion in this race
it is essential that we
joy drives
is that the city to implement entry very happy
with what face is going to be a frame
waiting for a line formed
I agree, thank you very much, congratulations, it feels great here in paulínia.
if the city welcomes you, I like Brazil very much.
gaucho
This one is the sweaty helmet idem sector
the argentinian